Add reusable release workflow (#1)
fluxcd/gha-workflows: README.md

## Workflows

### Release Flux controllers

The [controller-release](.github/workflows/controller-release.yaml) workflow automates the release of
Flux controllers by building and publishing container images to GitHub Container Registry (GHCR) and Docker Hub,
and creating a GitHub release with the changelog.

Example usage:

```yaml
name: release

on:
  push:
    tags:
      - 'v*'
  workflow_dispatch:
    inputs:
      tag:
        description: 'image tag prefix'
        default: 'rc'
        required: false

jobs:
  release:
    permissions:
      contents: write # for creating the GitHub release.
      id-token: write # for creating OIDC tokens for signing.
      packages: write # for pushing and signing container images.
    uses: fluxcd/gha-workflows/.github/workflows/controller-release.yaml@vX.Y.Z
    with:
      controller: ${{ github.event.repository.name }}
      release-candidate-prefix: ${{ github.event.inputs.tag }}
    secrets:
      github-token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
      dockerhub-token: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_FLUXCD_PASSWORD }}
```

> 

Reviewer: Please list here all the 3rd-party actions used, these are the actions which don't come from GitHub nor from the fluxcd org.

Also list the outputs.

        required: false

jobs:
  release:
    permissions:
      contents: write # for creating the GitHub release.
      id-token: write # for creating OIDC tokens for signing.
      packages: write # for pushing and signing container images.
    uses: fluxcd/gha-workflows/.github/workflows/controller-release.yaml@vX.Y.Z
    with:
      controller: ${{ github.event.repository.name }}
      release-candidate-prefix: ${{ github.event.inputs.tag }}
    secrets:
      github-token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
      dockerhub-token: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_FLUXCD_PASSWORD }}
```

3rd-party actions used:

- [docker/setup-qemu-action](https://github.com/docker/setup-qemu-action)
- [docker/setup-buildx-action](https://github.com/docker/setup-buildx-action)
- [docker/login-action](https://github.com/docker/login-action)
- [docker/metadata-action](https://github.com/docker/metadata-action)
- [docker/build-push-action](https://github.com/docker/build-push-action)
- [sigstore/cosign-installer](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign-installer)
- [anchore/sbom-action](https://github.com/anchore/sbom-action)
- [goreleaser/goreleaser-action](https://github.com/goreleaser/goreleaser-action)

Outputs:

> - `hashes`: Release artifacts digests compatible with SLSA
> - `image-url`: Published image URL
> - `image-digest`: Published image digest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `release-digests`: Release artifacts digests compatible with SLSA
- `image-name`: Published container image name (without the registry)
- `image-digest`: Published container image digest
```

Can you please adapt the workflow to output these renamed vars.

Author: Fixed, thanks!
